# Pet-Sitter-App
A MATLAB program that simulates an app where you can hire a pet sitter to take care of your app. The application works by first asking for your personal information, and the preferences you have in selecting a pet sitter. Next, a potential pet sitter inputs the qualities and traits they offer to a customer looking to hire a pet sitter. This is done 10 times for each pet sitter. After all the data is inputted, a match is conducted with the customer against the 10 pet sitters by doing string comparisons to find data that mostly or fully resembles the preferences the customer is looking for. If a match is found, a message is displayed, declaring that a match has been found. It also displays the pet sitter's information for the customer to review. This program was done with MATrix LABratory (MATLAB). MATLAB was used for this particular project, mainly due to the prevalence of its use in data analysis & visualization and algorithms among scientists and engineers. The challenges involved in creating this project were mainly the unfamiliarity with the MATLAB environment, but it was addressed by learning how the software works & creating example projects and solving example problems.

How to run the project: Ensure that you have a MATLAB application running to open up the file. If an online version of MATLAB is used, you may copy and paste the code into the online version. Run the program to interact with it and its features.

Created by Mel Meneses and MATLAB group project in April 2024.
